At the beginning of the 19th century the tropeiros treated them in the Southeastern
all brazil taking cadu taking many things price inside declare
the commissions what I in front to do the food why it is here
today with the São Paulo exchange, but stay with us
what is the burning of the garlic actually the entourage came in front and make food
and sleep
is sure that the mind did not exist vehicles was all lost in
top
then the cook at the entourage goes ahead
prepare lunch and also dinner with deposit
it was all done at the base of the bufo hill burning garlic is a traditional food
who came from the back wing - today the lovers
by her screen
tradition has shown that we have tried to keep
This is then our entourage a lot of bridge and mind
It's great for a few more things.
everything within the tradition then the garlic burning actually
the company name
but the food is based on road rice was impressed with the
quality nor fatty beans while good quality grimi a paçoca de
meat also faces a quality turkey 4 to support pedestrians in
truth to mattel beat stradão
helton but we are here on the exposed planet of fernandópolis of the exhibition
agriculture in the interior of São Paulo you are bringing what today is what
Let's talk a little bit
to comment on any entity that is doing here today is the gym doing
a food approximately 250 people so we are bringing and August 15
the 15 pounds of sunshine recorded music is to defeat the neighbor's people
it was also enough
and the show has to continue in the cimpor made on the morning of
It was also a great balcony from the player's building
and finalizing a spring onion was in Rome - a little bolivia
different we are bringing the fat bean
and rope to a friend
say it because it goes quite unpredictable more
is vain and does not count about in the back start it repairs of door
the action experienced bringing a paçoca of meat that the sap
to a midani tradition the entourage was no more than a car with a
sun pier
the mother of pig
A friend of mine, my hardcover.
corn flour roasted manioc flour but also bringing a fall
the criterion of being has nothing that we do
she laughs there is interaction with salt and pepper during the day at night she goes
pro serene she did not pay for the sunshine she was going in so cuca and go out on
early morning and safe in pick up clothes speak for me fries on the guitar
It is a very traditional food and then we will end our bringing with the
cheese half cure with guava guinea pig that the tradition of the entourage
many of them still
firth in the stroller style why
thanks the Chinese people told police do not use delicious food that
you're going to go to the beach in a little while
It's a little while we'll enjoy this food and you'll see us
had imagined side
the states said
the marias and 6/1 piracicaba
this was the 19th round of the German championship with the goalkeeper renan revealed -
we are seeing now
the secretary of the tooth
I got into the garlic burn
Let's say
the military designated for such piracy
all nonsense
São Paulo - the means
independent
to that end which is issued if the legislator